It's been long since the last writeup of my learnings. It took a while to come back. I also missed the 
writeup of Functional Reactive Programming. 

Nevertheless, this one's about category theory, in particular about the concept of a category, morphisms and 
objects which can be extended to monoids, monads, etc. I don't understand it much at this point of time but 
the following is all I have to come to conclusion with -->

- A category is defined by objects and morphisms. Objects are primitive elements of the category, they cannot be 
defined formally. Morphisms are arrows with a beginning and an end where both these are none other than objects.
- The theory is governed by three things: **Abstraction, Composition** and **Identity**. Every object must have an 
morphism fromm itself to itself. Another most important thing is that the morphisms are associative. So these two are 
equivalent: a->(b->c) and (a->b)->c. Also if a have a morphism a->b and from b->c then I must a morphism from a->c and 
this is must.
- One might say this is just another notion of sets and functions but it isn't. Infact sets and functions form just one part 
of category theory. So most of the models in category theory would seem to be some extension of models we keep using 
frequently like Sets.
- Then what is category theory used for? Or like how is it gonna help us do better? Unfortunately, I am also yet to 
discover it. But as far as I know, if we are able to abstract certain details and give a high level view to older models, we 
would be able to visualize everything as one and same. So what holds for one, holds for other. How will this help? 
Well...I don't know. I am breaking at this point of time with incomplete details which would be filled later. 
